Refs #22936 -- Doc'd Lookup.prepare_rhs. (#17341)
django/django: docs/ref/models/lookups.txt

        The name of this lookup, used to identify it on parsing query
        expressions. It cannot contain the string ``"__"``.

    .. attribute:: prepare_rhs

>         Whether :attr:`rhs`, that is a plain value, should be prepared for use
>         as a parameter in a query. Calls ``lhs.output_field.get_prep_value()``
>         if defined, or wraps ``rhs`` in :class:`Value()
>         <django.db.models.Value>` otherwise. Defaults to ``True``.

Reviewer: I don't know offhand what does `prepare_rhs` do, I know I can check the source code, but considering this the public facing docs, I would suggest to be a bit more verbose. In the following I'm assuming `prepare_rhs` is a bool :-)

```suggestion
        Indicates whether the  :attr:`rhs` attribute, which is a plain value,
        should be prepared for use as a parameter in a query. It calls
        ``lhs.output_field.get_prep_value()`` if set, or wraps `rhs`` in
        :class:`Value() <django.db.models.Value>` otherwise. The default value
        is ``True``.
```

Author: `lhs.output_field.get_prep_value()` is called when `output_field` is defined on `lhs` and `get_prep_value()` is defined on `lhs.output_field`, otherwise `rhs` is wrapped in `Value()`:

https://github.com/django/django/blob/ea596a52d9f905596cc5335930c8f2ac4511204c/django/db/models/lookups.py#L86-L90

Your proposition suggests that `lhs.output_field.get_prep_value()` is called when `prepare_rhs` is `True`, or `rhs` is wrapped with `Value()` when `prepare_rhs` is `False`.

I tried to improve the wording.
